README.md: Give examples of .htaccess and w3id.org/example (#3597)
perma-id/w3id.org: README.md

following steps:

1. _Fork_ [the _Repository_ for this system](https://github.com/perma-id/w3id.org) 
   on GitHub.
2. Add or update a new redirect entry and commit your changes.

>    1. If not yet existed, create a new directory (see [Naming Policy](#naming) below).
>    2. If not yet existed, add `.htaccess` and `README.md` files to the directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. If it does not yet exist, create a new directory (see [Naming Policy](#naming) below).
   2. If they do not yet exist, add `.htaccess` and `README.md` files to the directory.
```
